Adds command 'onenote notebook add'. Closes #3100 (#3985)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/onenote/notebook/notebook-add.md

# onenote notebook add

Create a new OneNote notebook.

## Usage

```sh
m365 onenote notebook add [options]
```

## Options

`-n, --name <name>`
: Name of the notebook. Notebook names must be unique. The name cannot contain more than 128 characters or contain the following characters: ?\*/:<>

`--userId [userId]`
: Id of the user. Use either userId or userName, but not both.

> `--userName [userName]`

Reviewer: I wonder if this option name is understandable and if something like `upn` wouldn't be better. `userName` could be like the login name, or email, or display name.

: Name of the user. Use either userId or userName, but not both.

`--groupId [groupId]`
: Id of the SharePoint group. Use either groupName or groupId, but not both

`--groupName [groupName]`
: Name of the SharePoint group. Use either groupName or groupId, but not both.

`-u, --webUrl [webUrl]`

> : URL of the SharePoint site.

Reviewer: seems to me the notebook may be created either for user (by name or id) or for group (by name or id) or for a given site right? It is not possible to specify user and group at the same time, correct? If so than I thing we should align the description to point it out. Currently it would seem I may do something like 
```
m365 onenote notebook add --name "Private Notebook" --userName user1@contoso.onmicrosoft.com --groupName "MyGroup"
```

--8<-- "docs/cmd/\_global.md"

## Examples

Create a Microsoft OneNote notebook Private Notebook for the currently logged in user

```sh
m365 onenote notebook add --name "Private Notebook"
```

> Create a Microsoft OneNote notebook Private Notebook in group 233e43d0-dc6a-482e-9b4e-0de7a7bce9b4

Reviewer: we should not duplicate data from the example in the example description. So the description should be more general like in this case it could be 
```suggestion
Create a Microsoft OneNote notebook Private Notebook in a group by a given id
```

Reviewer: the same should be corrected in other example descriptions below 👍

      "sectionGroupsUrl":"https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users/am917f88-cd36-4048-83c7-6z6608f344f0/onenote/notebooks/1-558ac4dh-3c0a-4123-bc46-e4d1c22256f0/sectionGroups",
      "createdBy":{
          "user":{
              "id":"am917f88-cd36-4048-83c7-6z6608f344f0",
              "displayName":"John Doe"
          }
       },
      "lastModifiedBy":{
          "user":{
            "id":"am917f88-cd36-4048-83c7-6z6608f344f0",
            "displayName":"John Doe"
          }
      },
      "links":{
          "oneNoteClientUrl":{
              "href":"onenote:https://contoso-my.sharepoint.com/personal/jdoe_contoso_onmicrosoft_com/Documents/Notebooks/Private%20Notebook"
          },
          "oneNoteWebUrl":{
            "href":"https://contoso-my.sharepoint.com/personal/jdoe_contoso_onmicrosoft_com/Documents/Notebooks/Private%20Notebook"
          }
      }
    }
    ```

=== "Text"

    ```text
    createDateTime: 2022-10-26T00:05:46Z
    displayName   : Private Notebook
    id            : 1-558ac4dh-3c0a-4123-bc46-e4d1c22256f0
    ```

> === "CSV"

Reviewer: I think we are missing `md` output
